Earlier, I said that components are the building blocks of React.
But what do I actually mean by that?
If you look at the API and documentation for React, they're relatively small.
The vast majority of React's API is all about components.
They are the main unit of encapsulation that React gives us.
Components are great, because they help us break down the UI into smaller pieces.
These pieces have clear responsibilities and well-defined interfaces.
This is valuable when building a large app,
because it lets us work on tiny pieces of
the app without inadvertently affecting the rest of it.
Another great thing about components,
is that they encourage us to build applications using composition instead of inheritance.
Let's take a look at what I mean when I say composition.